---
layout: ../../layouts/BlogLayout.astro
title: 'State of the Game: Snowshoe I'
pubDate: 2024-06-01
description: 'The moves and the grooves!'
author: 'Hazel Hofmann'
tags: ['gamedev', 'platformer', '2d']
---
Hello there!

Thanks for checking into our first _real_ blog post on our website! _State of the Game_ is where we write a little about developments on one of our projects, in this case, our first game as Code Calico; 'Snowshoe'!

# Introducing: Snowshoe
Snowshoe (working title, not our final title) is a 2D platformer in development at Code Calico. For Snowshoe, we're drawing inspiration from both recent platforming classics and the good old collect-a-thons of our youth. Snowshoe will follow a cat (I know, big shocker!) on their way to collect trinkets from the wild to bring back to their owner's home.

# Audio
(Julie's part.)

# Code and Engine
To make Snowshoe, we're building in [Godot](https://godotengine.org/), an open-source, fresh yet powerful game engine for both 2D and 3D projects. So far, however, most of our work has involved laying down a good framework to build upon; making sure we get the basics just right. So far this has consisted of Isabelle implementing an easy-to-use debugging interface powered by ImGui, as well as teaming up with Julie in laying the groundwork for scene management, UIs, video settings configurations and building levels. For a team with varied levels of experience with game engines like Godot, such is the case with Code Calico, it's important to make the game easy to develop for every part of our team.
